hi friends its Rosie and in this video
I'm going to share a recipe for my honey
glazed apple stuff Cornish hens this is
perfect for all the single individuals
that don't want to make a ham or turkey
for the holiday so let's get right into
it okay so as you see I emptied
everything out of the cavity there and I
also rinse these Cornish hens under cool
water so what we're going to do first I
like to work on my glaze I have some
butter in there and now I'm going to
pour in some honey I have it in a
microwavable safe container because I'm
going to pop this bowl in the microwave
for a couple seconds to melt the butter
but remember you're only going to zap it
for a couple of seconds once it comes
out of the microwave it will be nice and
you'll be able to mix it around I'm just
going to use a spoon as you see I'm
adding some brown sugar I'm using a dark
brown sugar but you can use light brown
sugar if that's what you have and I'm
still using my spoon to mix the
ingredients you can use whatever you
want I'm also going to add in some
cloves so like I said this is a holiday
recipe I love clothes if you do not like
ground clove you know you don't have to
use it okay so you can replace it with
cinnamon or you can just leave it out
point blank let's mix that around and
then we're going to set our glaze aside
but first let me give you a close-up
look how good it looks
mm-hmm all right I'm going to set it
aside now so now I diced up some apples
I'm using Granny Smith and some Red
Delicious and I'm going to stuff my
cavity there as you see the Cornish game
hen I'm going to stuff that cavity with
some apples and then I'm going to use
some butcher string to tie the little
legs there now I have my baked dish and
I lined it with foil you don't have to
but it just helps the cleanup process
afterwards so if you don't want a whole
lot to clean be sure to line your
through some foil and the next couple of
steps I'm actually not going to add on
camera but I'm going to tell you so that
you remember what to do so now we're
going to brush the hands with a little
butter you're also going to cover this
baked dish with foil or if you have a
cover
to use that and we're going to bake it
in the oven on 350 for 20 minutes so
when you were to take these hands out of
the oven you're going to get that glaze
and brush it on place it back in the
oven but this time you want to leave it
uncovered for another 25 minutes and it
should still be on 350 when you are done
this is your finished look simply
delicious now first off I want to thank
you for watching this video
if you haven't already please subscribe
don't forget to leave your comments and
please give it thumbs up for more free
recipes if you're watching this from
your mobile device you can subscribe by
hopping on that desktop and clicking
subscribe you can find me under lady
rosie 1983 or google i heart recipes
once again thanks for watching